---
title:  "Final Cut"
season: 2
episode: 5
chapter: 15
wordcount: 11121
audioLength: "1:04:00"
status: recorded # Can be: planned, published, recorded, produced
copyrights:
    cover:
      - title: "Comic Series 'Confession'"
        designer: "PEANUT.K"
      - title: "Zootopia Art and Movie"
        designer: "The Walt Disney Company"
      - title: "It's called a hustle, Sweetheart"
        designer: "Unknown Artist"
      - title: "Carrot Cake"
        designer: "ohsh"
      - title: "Mashup"
        designer: "Anheledir"
proofreading: "Sean Dalglish"
voiceGuests:
    - name: "Lorraine Dalglish"
links:
    - wattpad:
      url: "https://www.wattpad.com/382196996-chronicles-of-zootopia-2x05-final-cut"
      message: ""
    - fanfiction:
      url: "https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12254372/15/Chronicles-of-Zootopia"
      message: ""
    - ao3:
      url: "http://archiveofourown.org/works/7451674/chapters/17445313"
      message: ""
    - youtube:
      url: ""
      message: "This audio drama is scheduled to be published on Jun 05, 2017!"
quote:
    text: "The most amazing thing for me is that every single person who sees a movie, not necessarily one of my movies, brings a whole set of unique experiences. Now, through careful manipulation and good storytelling, you can get everybody to clap at the same time, to hopefully laugh at the same time, and to be afraid at the same time."
    source: "Steven Spielberg"
---
Since Judy was told by Evelin about the upcoming wedding, she was all Wibbly-Wobbly Timey-Wimey about that big day of her best friend and sister. The fact that Judy knew even before Evelin that she is also pregnant - thanks to Nick's exceptional olfactory sense - made our bunny cop even more excited. Day in, day out she was calling or messaging with her family and sisters. As the maid of honour she was involved in a lot of decisions regarding the dresses, decoration, colors, ...

Truth be told, Nick seemed to be more and more stressed out for the upcoming weeks and kept to himself more often. Of course the whole wedding-thing was affecting Judy's emotional state a lot, but he still prefered to keep a low profile and avoided to talk about the wedding as much as possible. On the opposite Judy was thinking about her own relationship with the fox. She was somewhat unsatisfied with his lax attitude towards it in the last few month, and the upcoming wedding and pregnancy of Evelin and Sven seemed to make things even worth. He was shutting himself off more often again, like in the beginning of their relationship, and avoided to talk with her about their own shared future; making her wonder, if they really had one in the long run.

After nearly three weeks, when the wedding-day was coming closer, Judy and Nick finally had a few vacation days and took the Zootopia Express to Bunnyburrow. But all the mumbo-jumbo in the Hopps' burrow made things even worse and beside helping her parents and sisters to prepare everything for Evelin's and Sven's big day, Judy now had to struggle with a constantly disappearing fox. 

Fortunately Evelin got an idea to distract her best friend and they both escaped into town to settle down for a while...

{% youtube j-XhWZGSeq8 %}

## Trivia
 * I had the idea for this chapter even before I started with the whole story. Actually the whole "Chronicles of Zootopia"-story was an excuse to write this single one.
 * It was planned as the 10th and final chapter of the story, but due to a lot of positive feedback on [AO3] I decided to write a couple more chapters and extended the original storyline.
 * After this chapter I had a writer's block for quite a while and didn't release another chapter for nearly four months, because I was afraid to mess up with the raised expectations of the end of the story.
 * For the audio drama I reworked a few scenes of this chapter, giving more insight into Judy's point of view.
 * This chapter set a new record for the word-count, extending 10.000 words for the first time. It's also the second largest chapter regarding Season 1 and 2.
 * Due to the length of the chapter we couldn't keep up with a weekly release of the audio drama and decided upon a delay of a week, instead of releasing it in multiple parts.
 * This is still one of my personal favorite chapters - and coincidentially it's also Sean's.
 * Originally this was the first time I mentioned Nick's mother in my story, but she still had no name.
 * The not mentioned name of the theatrical motion picture within the chapter is _Final Cut_, hence the name of the chapter.