---
title:  "Things will never be the same again"
season: 3
episode: 1
chapter: 21
wordcount: 11381
audioLength: "1:11:00"
status: published # Can be: planned, published, recorded, produced
copyrights:
    cover:
      - title: "Fragile"
        designer: "Unknown Artist"
      - title: "Zootopia Movie"
        designer: "The Walt Disney Company"
      - title: "Mashup"
        designer: "Anheledir"
links:
    - deviantart:
      url: "http://fav.me/dbaxhou"
      message: ""
    - wattpad:
      url: "https://www.wattpad.com/383328923-chronicles-of-zootopia-3x01-things-will-never-be"
      message: ""
    - fanfiction:
      url: "https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12254372/21/Chronicles-of-Zootopia"
      message: ""
    - ao3:
      url: "http://archiveofourown.org/works/8764945/chapters/20091037"
      message: ""
    - youtube:
      url: ""
      message: "This audio drama is scheduled to be published on Aug 07, 2017!"
quote:
    text: "Vengeance is a monster of appetite, forever bloodthirsty and never filled."
    source: "Richelle E. Goodrich"
---
Judy is full of zest for action when she and Nick arrived in Zootopia again after their short holiday in Bunnyburrow after their wedding. And there is no time to rest, as every ZPD officer in Zootopia is working on a bombing attack against an electrical substation last night. Thrown in into the investigations there is only less time for some romantically feelings. Furthermore the stress is seemingly having some adverse health effects on Judy. But when the following night another electrical substation was blown up, the ZPD cannot rule out some kind of terror attack.
While Nick could help with some insights to the setup of the explosive device, Judy is playing off her great interrogation skills against a few subjects. For most of the time the objective of the attacks is laying in the dark, then Nick has an - admittedly odd - idea. But little did anybody know, that the bombings have a way more personal second goal...

## Trivia
 * Part of the story is based on the series Numb3rs, Episode 3x07 "_Blackout_"
 * I used the rhetorical device of starting the story with the last scene, then explain how all events lead to that incidence, also in chapter [2x02]
 * The frequent use of police codes should make the radio calls more realistic. You can use the [list of police codes in the appendix][policecodes] if you want to know what exactly they are talking about.
 * _Adrian Bale_ and his psychological profile is based on the series Criminal Minds, Episode 1x03 "_Won't Get Fooled Again_"


 [2x02]: {% link _chapters/2x02.md %}
 [policecodes]: {% link appendix/policecodes.md %}