---
title:  "Three Families"
season: 3
episode: 2
chapter: 22
wordcount: 14915
audioLength: "1:33:00"
status: published # Can be: planned, published, recorded, produced
copyrights:
    cover:
      - title: "Zootopia Movie"
        designer: "The Walt Disney Company"
      - title: "Mashup"
        designer: "Anheledir"
links:
    - deviantart:
      url: "http://fav.me/dbaxkiz"
      message: ""
    - wattpad:
      url: "https://www.wattpad.com/383332109-chronicles-of-zootopia-3x02-three-families"
      message: ""
    - fanfiction:
      url: "https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12254372/22/Chronicles-of-Zootopia"
      message: ""
    - ao3:
      url: "http://archiveofourown.org/works/8764945/chapters/20445187"
      message: ""
    - youtube:
      url: ""
      message: "This audio drama is scheduled to be published in multiple parts, starting on Apr 14, 2017!"
quote:
    text: "It's not important what we think, or what we do or what we believe in: each of us will die one day. Better to do as the old Yaqui Indians did: regard death as an advisor. Always ask: 'Since I'm going to die, what should I be doing now?'"
    source: "Paulo Coelho"
---
Bonnie Hopps got somewhat upset about Judy's short video message, but couldn't made any sense of it and called Evelin. As her best friend maybe she knew more what was going on. But Evelin hadn't viewed her own video message and just assurred her mother, that Nick and Judy were working on a difficutl case. But alarmed by her mother's call, she also watched Judy's farewell video and got an awful shock. When she couldn't reach Nick (his battery was empty), Judy (her phone exploded) or Chief Bogo (Nick dropped his phone to the floor when the police rover exploded), she totally freaked out and persusaded her husband Sven that they have to drive to Zootopia immediately. Being in the fifth of total eight weeks of pregancy didn't suspend her, she only could think about Judy and that horrible video message. When they heard in the radio about some bombing attack against a ZPD officer called _Judy Hopps_ Evelin's presentiments got even worse. But when they arrived at the hospital and overheard a doctor, that was explaining to some other ZPD officers, that their colleague didn't made it, Evelin finally got a mental breakdown.

## Trivia
 * I used the rhetorical device of starting the story with the last scene, then explain how all events lead to that incidence, also in chapter [2x02] and [3x01]
 * In this chapter it became clear that Nick and Evelin have a very strong relationship themselfes in a friendly way.
 * The fear of failure is one of Nick's biggest fears, the thought that he caused the explosion of the police rover because he thought he knew it better than the expertes, is getting him totally down.
 * The _Three Families_ from the title are those who's stories are told separately in that chapter:
   1. Her Parents and siblings at home
   2. Evelin and Sven
   3. Mr. Big as some kind of extended family

[2x02] {% link _chapters/2x02.md %}
[3x01] {% link _chapters/3x01.md %}
