---
title:  "Aftermath"
season: 3
episode: 3
chapter: 23
wordcount: 11831
audioLength: "1:13:00"
status: published # Can be: planned, published, recorded, produced
copyrights:
    cover:
      - title: "Judy having a high fever"
        designer: "Jascarlet"
links:
    - deviantart:
      url: "http://fav.me/dbaxp30"
      message: ""
    - wattpad:
      url: "http://zootopiachronicl.es/chapter/3x03.html#"
      message: ""
    - fanfiction:
      url: "https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12254372/23/Chronicles-of-Zootopia"
      message: ""
    - ao3:
      url: "http://archiveofourown.org/works/8764945/chapters/20590894"
      message: ""
    - youtube:
      url: ""
      message: "This audio drama is scheduled to be published in multiple parts, starting on Apr 28, 2017!"
quote:
    text: "So much of what is best in us is bound up in our love of family, that it remains the measure of our stability because it measures our sense of loyalty."
    source: "Haniel Long"
---
Judy was released from the hospital but cannot work for a few weeks with her broken ribs. But Nick is also restricted to desk duty because of the result of his mandatory psychological examination. That gives our couple some well-deserved day of recreation at home to slowly process together what had happened. Also the events made it clear to both, that they have to harness every day they have, bringing the topic of having some children back on top. So they visited their family doctor for a follow-up check regarding her wounds and to talk about the possibilities of having kids together - either biological or to adopt some. But some unusual medical results during the routine screening made the little rabbit all anxious for several days. She kept it a secret from everyone that she was feeling a bit sick even before the bombing attacks and the internet diagnostic tools gave her all fatal results. But Nick assured her, that they will get through to it together.

## Trivia
 * I'm neither a psychologist nor a medic. Keep in mind, that this is a fan-fiction and just telling a fictional story. I'm trying to give as much pseudo-scientific facts as possible to make everything plausible, but don't take everything too seriously in a professional sense!